Reference a flag added to give users the ability to suppress warnings. (#1253)
OctopusDeploy/docs: docs/projects/variables/system-variables.md

|`Octopus.Action.Template.Version` <br/>If the action is based on a step template, the version of the template in use *(Number)* | *123*|
|`Octopus.Action.Status.Error` <br/>If the action failed because of an error, a description of the error | *The server could not be contacted*|
|`Octopus.Action.Status.ErrorDetail` <br/>If the action failed because of an error, a full description of the error | *System.Net.SocketException: The server ...*|

> |`Octopus.Action.SubstituteInFiles.EnableNoMatchWarning` <br/>Controls whether a warning is thrown when no files are found matching one or more of the glob patterns in Substitute Variables in Files | * False *|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|`Octopus.Action.SubstituteInFiles.EnableNoMatchWarning` <br/>Controls whether a warning is displayed in the Task log when no files are found matching one or more of the glob patterns in Substitute Variables in Files | *False*|
```
